super effect on hellin and stays solo leader with three more points
that the roda
a goal from Diego and another great performance from yuste under sticks allows the
sagreños take the victory of the always complicated municipal santa
ana and keep dreaming about the league title in the third division something
unprecedented in the history of illescas although it would bring it closer to the rise to
second division
the roma clearly took the duel of gallillos santillán
rankin closely follows the lead of the leader
the rodense team offered their best side and thrashed the attacked in a
tense match
Spinola who criticized the first 15 minutes and Silva in the
second half sentenced ball carranque that despite the defeat
remain in positions of promotion phase
the Aztec returned to make his field a fortress defeated torrijos by two goals
to zero and stays third to five points of rest
the getafe cf angel cristian seubert scored the two goals of the match and
ended with the red and white box that continues to flirt with the danger zone
the talavera got the first victory of the happy era has been
reenganchado to the fight to sneak between the first four the set
blanquiazul won the criptanense with converts them to the spill aníbal charris
stays fifth to a single point
the sixth place is own of marchamalo that fitted his third defeat
consecutive in villarrobledo and crushed him as sales to the subsidiary of the
albacete
the Brazilian alexandre will be a signing of the two months in the winter market
leave the three points in the profile of the charity with a goal in the 21st minute
the albacete b surprised the almansa and took the three points with a great
comeback in the final stretch of the match
the almanseños advantage with a bit of santi
but neither was tied in the 84th minute and opened the win that was completed with
the goals of pierre de coubertín little more than five minutes
down the ranking has been tight after the triumph of the and a thousand
on the genet the daimieleños won thanks to a goal from the
Colist commission in five points of salvation
the gymnastic of Alcazar rescued a valuable point in the derby before the
tomelloso and is penultimate a single victory
of the posts of permanence
albert equalized the initial goal of the visitor that xevi with a great shot
from outside the area
the same result was recorded the municipal delights between arrears and
in good stone
the whole Toledo tied in the second half that closes the area of
decrease to two points of the socuéllamos
and socuéllamos that it went thrashed of quintanar of the king and has gotten
out of danger after five days without winning darín soda roman penalty
rubén filmed two goals quintanareños